0.5. Ground Truth - where we are at in 2021 including statistics
1. A New Hegemony
2. Offense and Defense
3. Empowerment For the Masses
4. Having a Good Time
5. Accelerationism
6. A GEM Culture
7. Cooperation and Distribution
8. GEM Industrialism / New Industrialism
9. Internationalism
10. A New State
11. Frontiers
12. Our Means - How we 'fund' this
13. Projects

The work of GEM resolves mostly around doing our part to build a new global counter hegemony and empowering the majority ('Group B' in Michael Parenti's terms).

In persuant to those aims there comes a good deal of higher order phenomina that need to be undertaken by GEM or other peoples.

But the scope of GEM generally relates to those two objectives.

1. Ground Truth
Before delving further we should address the state earth.

We are living in an era (call it the Anthropocene or the Capitalocene) defined by the initiation of the industrial revolution and the dominance of global capitalism.

Our societities are defined by heirarchies which extract great sums of capital from their citizens for squander by elites. Since the emergence of the earliest civilizations to today this trend has got much worse with time. This has happened via a combination of population growth, technology, industrialism, automation and increasingly sophisticated methods of control and exploitation.

Globally the divide between rich and poor has never been this severe.

A worrying sight is to see just how well these global capitalists have managed to control our thought. In the USA citizens have proven themselves willing to consitently act politically against their own interests. By virtue or capitalist hegemony this has been made so.

We have been conditioned by group A to hate ourselves and to treat each other poorly in the aim of individualism rather then rightfully seeing our beings as aligned.

Toxic individualism alone has caused great pain for great sums of people. And capitalism is an unsustainable, sick and doomed to fail social eugenics experiment by these crooked elites.

While the voters of the imperialist core (America) has shown themselves to be right inclined to a worrying degree I see a number of positive indicators.

It is undeniable that the political system of the USA is owned by the capitalists and only acts superficially to represent the will of Americans. While Americans' themselves as bloc hold positions that are in essence leftist.

This is what polling, studies and my own personal experience substantiate.

Half of Americans don't vote. Those people scew left. Americans overwhelmingly support Bernie Sander's policies to a much larger degree than when presented Bernie's name explicitly. 

If you want more evidence that America is left then pay attention to the reactionary right and see history. The capitalists feel the heat and this is why they are trying to consolidate their power via fascism.
